Copy edit pass: part 2 (#76)
ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial: src/chapters/11-route-params.md

ember server
```

Now that we are fetching real data from our "server", let's add a new feature — dedicated pages for each of our rentals:

<!-- TODO: add screen shot of the end state -->

While adding these rental pages, you will learn about:
* Routes with dynamic segments
* Links with dynamic segments
* Component tests with access to the router
* Accessing parameters from dynamic segments

> * Sharing setup between tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sharing common setup code between tests
```

git add tests/integration/components/rental-test.js
```

If we run the tests in the browser, everything should...

```run:screenshot width=1024 height=768 retina=true filename=fail.png alt="The test failed"
visit http://localhost:4200/tests?nocontainer&deterministic
wait  #qunit-banner.qunit-fail
```

...wait a minute, it didn't work!

About time something didn't Just Work™ the first time we tried; this is the *advanced* part of the tutorial after all.

> By default, a component test (like the one that we have here) does not set up the router. Usually, this is acceptable, but in this specific case, we have a `<LinkTo>` in our component that is relying on the router to generate its URLs.

Reviewer 2: Now that I'm reading this, feels weird to go from "it didn't work" to "by default this is how component tests work". Need a sentence here that bridges the gap between the two.

Author: Good catch! We're changing it to this: 

"Component tests (like the one we have here) do not set up the router by default, because it's usually not necessary. In this specific case, however, we have a `<LinkTo>` in our component that is relying on the router to generate its URLs."

Let us know if you have any edits for the new paragraph.

git add tests/integration/components/rental-test.js
```

If we run the tests in the browser, everything should...

> <!-- TODO: Make sure we show screenshot of failing test here. Otherwise reader might be confused that their tests are failing before they read the explanation below. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: The change seems good to me, so I think we can just go ahead and do that and not need the comment here

```run:screenshot width=1024 height=768 retina=true filename=fail.png alt="The test failed"
visit http://localhost:4200/tests?nocontainer&deterministic
wait  #qunit-banner.qunit-fail
```

> ...wait a minute, it didn't work!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
...wait a minute, our tests didn't pass!
```

> About time something didn't Just Work™ the first time we tried; this is the *advanced* part of the tutorial after all.

Reviewer 2: I'd combine this with the sentence above:
```suggestion
Well, it's about time that we ran into something that didn't Just Work™ on the first try! This is the *advanced* part of the tutorial after all. 😉 
```

> There is one more point to mention here: by default, a component test (like the one that we have here) does not set up the router. Usually, this is what you'd want, since for most components, you likely aren't going to need the router to test what you want. But in this specific case, we have a `<LinkTo>` in our component that is relying on the router to generate its URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a component test (like the one that we have here) does not set up the router. Usually, this is acceptable, but in this specific case, we have a `<LinkTo>` in our component that is relying on the router to generate its URLs.
```

Reviewer 2: Now that I'm reading this, feels weird to go from "it didn't work" to "by default this is how component tests work". Need a sentence here that bridges the gap between the two.

wait  #qunit-banner.qunit-pass
```

## Accessing Parameters from Dynamic Segments

Awesome! We're making such great progress.

> OK, now that we have our `rental` route, let's finish up our `rental` page. The first step to doing this is making our route actually _do_ something. We added the route, but we haven't actually implemented it. So let's do that first by creating the route file.

Reviewer 2: I believe we use `Ok` throughout the tutorial (we should keep it consistent). That being said, I think we should just cut that filler word 🤷‍♀ Probably better to just start with "Now that we have..."

Author: Took out OK. I've never seen it written 'Ok', but I searched the entire tutorial and it uses 'Okay' which I'm OK with.

Reviewer: Ok. Sounds good to me!

}
```

> We'll notice that the model hook in our `RentalRoute` is _almost_ the same as our `IndexRoute`. There is one major difference between these two routes, and we can see that  difference that reflected here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll notice that the model hook in our `RentalRoute` is _almost_ the same as our `IndexRoute`. There is one major difference between these two routes, and we can see that difference that reflected here.
```

This component is similar to our `<Rental>` component, except for the following differences.

> * It shows a banner with a share button at the top (Implementation to come later).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* It shows a banner with a share button at the top (we'll implement it later).
```
